Searchable Titles:
	Asked for options for searching by title.
		1. Exact match
			WHERE title = ?
			Fast (uses index if one exists), zero ambiguity
			Useless in practice — staff must remember the exact title including capitalization

		- Having to get the exact title is annoying and tedious for users.  Not using this.

		2. Prefix match
			WHERE title LIKE 'onboarding%'

			Fast with an index on title, natural to type
			Misses mid-word matches ("packet" won't find "Welcome Packet")

		- Missing what a user would think to be an obvious match would lead to frustrations.  Not using this.

		3. Substring match
			WHERE title LIKE '%onboarding%'

			Flexible, finds partial matches anywhere in the title
			Full table scan every time — SQLite can't use a B-tree index for leading wildcards. Fine at small scale (dozens of docs), degrades linearly as the table grows

		- Full scan everytime is very time consuming and slow and does not scale.  Not using this.

		4. SQLite FTS5 (full-text search)
			CREATE VIRTUAL TABLE documents_fts USING fts5(title) + WHERE documents_fts MATCH ?

			Fast even on large datasets (inverted index), supports stemming/prefix natively
			Extra table to maintain, more migration complexity, slight overkill for an internal tool with low document counts

		- While having to maintaing another table is not ideal, allows for fast searching and some level of deciphiring partial names.  Best option for search.

		5. Application-side fuzzy match
			Load all titles into PHP, score them with something like Levenshtein distance

			Tolerates typos ("onbording" finds "Onboarding")
			Loads entire title list into memory on every search; only viable if the document count stays small
		
		- Ideal for searching, but loading all titles will not scale and will go to a crawl.  Going to see if this can be combined with SQLite FTS5

	Asked if options 4 and 5 could be combined for searching by title.

		- Returned that they could be combined but unnecessary for current scenario in terms of complexity.  Most telling issue is if FTS5 finds nothing the fuzzy matching has nothing to work with.  Going with option 4 for now and may come back to working 5 in if I have time.
	
	Implement option 4
		- Tests were sufficient to test UI functionality (i.e. the tests added documents I could search for in the UI)
		- Did not add enough tests on first prompt.
	
	Adding additional tests
		- Needed tests for partial findings and mispellings.  Mispellings and midword are expected to fail due to no fuzzy matching.

	Running out of time.  Notes of what I would of liked to have done:

		- Try out fuzzy matching and include a time out for it if possible.  Also, wildcards.
